Add react hooks chapter (#107)
infinum/frontend-handbook: React/React hooks.md

  const value = someExpensiveCalculation(propA, propB);

  // ...
}
```

```jsx
// GOOD
export const MyComponent: FC = ({ propA, propB }) => {
  const memoizedValue = useMemo(() => someExpensiveCalculation(propA, propB), [propA, propB]);

  // ...
}
```

#### Wrap non-primitive values with useMemo, if you are using them as depenencies or sending them as props

Since objects will be recreated on each render, they will also have a different reference every time - and `useEffect` will treat it as a changed dependency.

```jsx
export const MyComponent: FC = ({ propA, propB }) => {
  const nonMemoizedObject = {
    a: propA,
    b: propB,
  };

  useEffect(() => {
    /**
      On each render, `useEffect` is causing an additional rerender,
      since it's dependency is an object with a new reference every time.
    */
  }, [nonMemoizedObject])

  // ...
}
```

Assuming that `propA` and `propB` are primitive (or memoized, non-primitive) values, with `useMemo` you are ensuring that non-primitive references are retained throughout rerenders, until `propA` or `propB` have changed.

```jsx
export const MyComponent: FC = ({ propA, propB }) => {

>   const memoizedObject = useMemo(() => {

Reviewer: This is not a good example.
This is the correct way of doing it.
```
useEffect(() => {
   const object = {
     a: propA,
     b: propB,
   };
   // do something wth the object
}, [propA, propB])
```

  const memoizedArray = useMemo(() => [propA, propB], [propA, propB])

  return (
    <ChildComponent objectProp={memoizedObject} arrayProp={memoizedArray}/>
  );
}
```

#### Do not use `useMemo` as a garantee that it will be a constant throughout component rerenders

If you need a value to stay the same throughout rerenders, you might think of `useMemo` as a nice way to "mimick" a constant. While it might seem that way, [it is not garanteed](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-reference.html#usememo) that it will not get garbage collected and that the value will not be recalculated.

```jsx
export const MyComponent: FC = () => {
  const id = useMemo(() => generateId(), []); // Not garanteed to be a constant

  // ...
}
```

Alternative approach, with lazy initialization:

```jsx
export const MyComponent: FC = () => {
  const [id, _] = useState(() => generateId()); // Initial value will stay the same throughout rerenders

  // ...
}
```

You can also store the value in a ref:
_Note: updating ref values will not trigger a rerender._

```jsx
export const MyComponent: FC = () => {
  const id = useRef(null);

  if (!id.current) {
    id.current = generateId();
  }

  // ...
}
```

> If you want the component to rerender when the value is set:

Reviewer: You should never want that.
This will trigger two renders.
Remember the React hooks flow.
https://github.com/donavon/hook-flow
`useEffect` is executed at the end, when the first paint is already done, so this will trigger the second render, which is bad for performance.
This is a BAD example and we should note this in the handbook.
Don't ever do this!

Reviewer: That reminds me that we should add a chapter about hooks flow and include this chart

Reviewer: This is fixed in #109

  useEffect() => {
    if (!id) {
      setId(generateId());
    }
  }, [id]);

  // ...
}
```

#### Wrap functions with `useCallback` it they can cause large subtrees to rerender too often

While it is mostly unnecessary to wrap functions with `useCallback`, since the memoization process will usually be as expensive or more, it can be useful if functions' dependencies change often or if they are passed down to a large subtree of children.

```jsx
// In this case, memoization is probably not worth it, since it will not necessarily improve performance
export const MyButton: FC = () => {
  const onClick = useCallback((e: SyntheticEvent<HTMLButtonElement>) => {
    ...
  }, [])

  return (
    <Button onClick={onClick} />
  );
}
```

```jsx
// Here, memoization is probably useful, because `onClick` will stay the same if other state rerenders the component, and will not trigger a large subtree to rerender unnecessarily
export const MyList: FC = () => {
  // ...

  const onListItemClick = useCallback(() => {
    ...
  }, [...])

  return <LargeList onListItemClick={onListItemClick} />;
}
```

#### You don't have to avoid "inlining" non-expensive functions

> React is good at optimizing, so if you prematurly decide to wrap a function inside a `useCallback` and declare it in the component scope, you might get slower performance in many cases, because how memoization can be expensive. In most cases, even if you improve performance, it will be insignificant in comparison to making your code less clean and harder to mantain.

Reviewer 2: The first sentence seems weird and too long. Maybe split it into two and start the second one with "Because memoization can be expensive"

Reviewer: @DarkoKukovec I think it's better now

```jsx
export const MyButton: FC = () => {
  // ...

  return <Button onClick={(e: SyntheticEvent<HTMLButtonElement>) => setValue(e.target.value)} />;
}
```

```jsx
// GOOD
export const MyComponent: FC = () => {
  const [count, setCount] = useState(0);

>   const increment = useCallBack((stepSize = 1) => { setState((previousCount) => previousCount + stepSize) });

Reviewer: You are missing deps array

Reviewer: ```
useCallBack
       ^
       └── lowercase `b`
```

  return <Button onClick={onButtonClick} />;
}
```

#### Before you use memoization

Have in mind that React is really good at optimizing rerenders by default.

> You might get tempted to wrap values and functions with `useMemo` and `useCallback` all the time, but in many of these cases, you don't really need it, and you might even make your app performance and file size worse. These calculation's can be expensive and you could end up using more memory than you would without them and make you code more complicated to read and mantain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You might get tempted to wrap values and functions with `useMemo` and `useCallback` all the time, but in many of these cases, you don't really need it, and you might even make your app performance and file size worse. These calculations can be expensive and you could end up using more memory than you would without them and make you code more complicated to read and maintain.
```

> If it's not obvious that memoization is necessary, profile your app performance without it first, using React dev tools, and then optimize if necessary.

Reviewer: Maybe we could add some screenshots of the profiler

Reviewer: Fixed in #109

> ### React hooks

Reviewer 2: You should fix the headings. The title will be shown automatically based on the file name. All other headings should start from h2

If you need a value to stay the same throughout re-renders, you might think of `useMemo` as a nice way to "mimic" a constant. While it might seem that way, [it is not guaranteed](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-reference.html#usememo).

> **You may rely on useMemo as a performance optimization, not as a semantic guarantee.** In the future, React may choose to “forget” some previously memoized values and recalculate them on next render, e.g. to free memory for offscreen components. Write your code so that it still works without useMemo — and then add it to optimize performance when it's necessary.

```jsx
// BAD
export const MyComponent: FC = () => {
  const id = useMemo(() => generateId(), []); // Not guaranteed to be a constant

  // ...
}
```

The best approach is to use lazy initialization:

```jsx
// GOOD
export const MyComponent: FC = () => {
  const [id, _] = useState(() => generateId()); // Initial value will stay the same throughout re-renders

  // ...
}
```

You can also store the value in a ref:
> Note: updating ref values will not trigger a re-render.

```jsx
type Result<T> = { v: T };

> function useConstant<T>(fn: () => T): T {

Reviewer: I'm thinking to remove `useConstant` example.
 The explanation is here in the thread https://twitter.com/sstur_/status/1384934568285900806
 Maybe I could leave it and write an explanation of what is wrong...
Consider this:
1. render starts
2. you update the ref
3. react concurrent mode has to throw away the work and doesn't commit
You now have a ref that isn't the latest value, it's a value for a render that was never committed.
